# Client

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**client_id** | **str** | A unique identifier the client provides to the Resource Server to identify itself. This identifier is included with every request the client makes. For PUT requests, this field is optional and it will be overridden by the &#39;id&#39; parameter of the PUT request. | 
**enabled** | **bool** | Specifies whether the client is enabled. The default value is true. | [optional] 
**redirect_uris** | **list[str]** | URIs to which the OAuth AS may redirect the resource owner&#39;s user agent after authorization is obtained. A redirection URI is used with the Authorization Code and Implicit grant types. Wildcards are allowed. However, for security reasons, make the URL as restrictive as possible.For example: https://*.company.com/* Important: If more than one URI is added or if a single URI uses wildcards, then Authorization Code grant and token requests must contain a specific matching redirect uri parameter. | [optional] 
**grant_types** | **list[str]** | The grant types allowed for this client. The EXTENSION grant type applies to SAML/JWT assertion grants. | 
**name** | **str** | A descriptive name for the client instance. This name appears when the user is prompted for authorization. | 
**description** | **str** | A description of what the client application does. This description appears when the user is prompted for authorization. | [optional] 
**modification_date** | **datetime** | The time at which the client was last changed. This property is read only and is ignored on PUT and POST requests. | [optional] 
**creation_date** | **datetime** | The time at which the client was created. This property is read only and is ignored on PUT and POST requests. | [optional] 
**logo_url** | **str** | The location of the logo used on user-facing OAuth grant authorization and revocation pages. | [optional] 
**default_access_token_manager_ref** | [**ResourceLink**](ResourceLink.md) | The default access token manager for this client. | [optional] 
**restrict_to_default_access_token_manager** | **bool** | Determines whether the client is restricted to using only its default access token manager. The default is false. | [optional] 
**validate_using_all_eligible_atms** | **bool** | Validates token using all eligible access token managers for the client. This setting is ignored if &#39;restrictToDefaultAccessTokenManager&#39; is set to true. | [optional] 
**refresh_rolling** | **str** | Use ROLL or DONT_ROLL to override the Roll Refresh Token Values setting on the Authorization Server Settings. SERVER_DEFAULT will default to the Roll Refresh Token Values setting on the Authorization Server Setting screen. Defaults to SERVER_DEFAULT. | [optional] 
**refresh_token_rolling_interval_type** | **str** | Use OVERRIDE_SERVER_DEFAULT to override the Refresh Token Rolling Interval value on the Authorization Server Settings. SERVER_DEFAULT will default to the Refresh Token Rolling Interval value on the Authorization Server Setting. Defaults to SERVER_DEFAULT. | [optional] 
**refresh_token_rolling_interval** | **int** | The minimum interval to roll refresh tokens, in hours. This value will override the Refresh Token Rolling Interval Value on the Authorization Server Settings. | [optional] 
**persistent_grant_expiration_type** | **str** | Allows an administrator to override the Persistent Grant Lifetime set globally for the OAuth AS. Defaults to SERVER_DEFAULT. | [optional] 
**persistent_grant_expiration_time** | **int** | The persistent grant expiration time. -1 indicates an indefinite amount of time. | [optional] 
**persistent_grant_expiration_time_unit** | **str** | The persistent grant expiration time unit. | [optional] 
**persistent_grant_idle_timeout_type** | **str** | Allows an administrator to override the Persistent Grant Idle Timeout set globally for the OAuth AS. Defaults to SERVER_DEFAULT. | [optional] 
**persistent_grant_idle_timeout** | **int** | The persistent grant idle timeout. | [optional] 
**persistent_grant_idle_timeout_time_unit** | **str** | The persistent grant idle timeout time unit. | [optional] 
**persistent_grant_reuse_type** | **str** | Allows and administrator to override the Reuse Existing Persistent Access Grants for Grant Types set globally for OAuth AS. Defaults to SERVER_DEFAULT. | [optional] 
**persistent_grant_reuse_grant_types** | **list[str]** | The grant types that the OAuth AS can reuse rather than creating a new grant for each request. This value will override the Reuse Existing Persistent Access Grants for Grant Types on the Authorization Server Settings. Only &#39;IMPLICIT&#39; or &#39;AUTHORIZATION_CODE&#39; or &#39;RESOURCE_OWNER_CREDENTIALS&#39; are valid grant types. | [optional] 
**allow_authentication_api_init** | **bool** | Set to true to allow this client to initiate the authentication API redirectless flow. | [optional] 
**bypass_approval_page** | **bool** | Use this setting, for example, when you want to deploy a trusted application and authenticate end users via an IdP adapter or IdP connection. | [optional] 
**restrict_scopes** | **bool** | Restricts this client&#39;s access to specific scopes. | [optional] 
**restricted_scopes** | **list[str]** | The scopes available for this client. | [optional] 
**exclusive_scopes** | **list[str]** | The exclusive scopes available for this client. | [optional] 
**authorization_detail_types** | **list[str]** | The authorization detail types available for this client. | [optional] 
**restricted_response_types** | **list[str]** | The response types allowed for this client. If omitted all response types are available to the client. | [optional] 
**require_pushed_authorization_requests** | **bool** | Determines whether pushed authorization requests are required when initiating an authorization request. The default is false. | [optional] 
**require_jwt_secured_authorization_response_mode** | **bool** | Determines whether JWT Secured authorization response mode is required when initiating an authorization request. The default is false. | [optional] 
**require_signed_requests** | **bool** | Determines whether signed requests are required for this client | [optional] 
**request_object_signing_algorithm** | **str** | The JSON Web Signature [JWS] algorithm that must be used to sign the Request Object. All signing algorithms are allowed if value is not present &lt;br&gt;RS256 - RSA using SHA-256&lt;br&gt;RS384 - RSA using SHA-384&lt;br&gt;RS512 - RSA using SHA-512&lt;br&gt;ES256 - ECDSA using P256 Curve and SHA-256&lt;br&gt;ES384 - ECDSA using P384 Curve and SHA-384&lt;br&gt;ES512 - ECDSA using P521 Curve and SHA-512&lt;br&gt;PS256 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-256 and MGF1 padding with SHA-256&lt;br&gt;PS384 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-384 and MGF1 padding with SHA-384&lt;br&gt;PS512 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-512 and MGF1 padding with SHA-512&lt;br&gt;RSASSA-PSS is only supported with SafeNet Luna, Thales nCipher or Java 11. | [optional] 
**oidc_policy** | [**ClientOIDCPolicy**](ClientOIDCPolicy.md) | Open ID Connect Policy settings.  This is included in the message only when OIDC is enabled. | [optional] 
**client_auth** | [**ClientAuth**](ClientAuth.md) | Client authentication settings.  If this model is null, it indicates that no client authentication will be used. | [optional] 
**jwks_settings** | [**JwksSettings**](JwksSettings.md) | JSON Web Key Set Settings of the OAuth client. Required if private key JWT client authentication or signed requests is enabled. | [optional] 
**extended_parameters** | [**dict(str, ParameterValues)**](ParameterValues.md) | OAuth Client Metadata can be extended to use custom Client Metadata Parameters. The names of these custom parameters should be defined in /extendedProperties. | [optional] 
**device_flow_setting_type** | **str** | Allows an administrator to override the Device Authorization Settings set globally for the OAuth AS. Defaults to SERVER_DEFAULT. | [optional] 
**user_authorization_url_override** | **str** | The URL used as &#39;verification_url&#39; and &#39;verification_url_complete&#39; values in a Device Authorization request. This property overrides the &#39;userAuthorizationUrl&#39; value present in Authorization Server Settings. | [optional] 
**pending_authorization_timeout_override** | **int** | The &#39;device_code&#39; and &#39;user_code&#39; timeout, in seconds. This overrides the &#39;pendingAuthorizationTimeout&#39; value present in Authorization Server Settings. | [optional] 
**device_polling_interval_override** | **int** | The amount of time client should wait between polling requests, in seconds. This overrides the &#39;devicePollingInterval&#39; value present in Authorization Server Settings. | [optional] 
**bypass_activation_code_confirmation_override** | **bool** | Indicates if the Activation Code Confirmation page should be bypassed if &#39;verification_url_complete&#39; is used by the end user to authorize a device. This overrides the &#39;bypassUseCodeConfirmation&#39; value present in Authorization Server Settings. | [optional] 
**require_proof_key_for_code_exchange** | **bool** | Determines whether Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE) is required for this client. | [optional] 
**ciba_delivery_mode** | **str** | The token delivery mode for the client.  The default value is &#39;POLL&#39;. | [optional] 
**ciba_notification_endpoint** | **str** | The endpoint the OP will call after a successful or failed end-user authentication. | [optional] 
**ciba_polling_interval** | **int** | The minimum amount of time in seconds that the Client must wait between polling requests to the token endpoint. The default is 3 seconds. | [optional] 
**ciba_require_signed_requests** | **bool** | Determines whether CIBA signed requests are required for this client. | [optional] 
**ciba_request_object_signing_algorithm** | **str** | The JSON Web Signature [JWS] algorithm that must be used to sign the CIBA Request Object. All signing algorithms are allowed if value is not present &lt;br&gt;RS256 - RSA using SHA-256&lt;br&gt;RS384 - RSA using SHA-384&lt;br&gt;RS512 - RSA using SHA-512&lt;br&gt;ES256 - ECDSA using P256 Curve and SHA-256&lt;br&gt;ES384 - ECDSA using P384 Curve and SHA-384&lt;br&gt;ES512 - ECDSA using P521 Curve and SHA-512&lt;br&gt;PS256 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-256 and MGF1 padding with SHA-256&lt;br&gt;PS384 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-384 and MGF1 padding with SHA-384&lt;br&gt;PS512 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-512 and MGF1 padding with SHA-512&lt;br&gt;RSASSA-PSS is only supported with SafeNet Luna, Thales nCipher or Java 11. | [optional] 
**ciba_user_code_supported** | **bool** | Determines whether CIBA user code is supported for this client. | [optional] 
**request_policy_ref** | [**ResourceLink**](ResourceLink.md) | The CIBA request policy. | [optional] 
**token_exchange_processor_policy_ref** | [**ResourceLink**](ResourceLink.md) | The Token Exchange Processor policy. | [optional] 
**refresh_token_rolling_grace_period_type** | **str** | When specified, it overrides the global Refresh Token Grace Period defined in the Authorization Server Settings. The default value is SERVER_DEFAULT | [optional] 
**refresh_token_rolling_grace_period** | **int** | The grace period that a rolled refresh token remains valid in seconds. | [optional] 
**client_secret_retention_period_type** | **str** | Use OVERRIDE_SERVER_DEFAULT to override the Client Secret Retention Period value on the Authorization Server Settings. SERVER_DEFAULT will default to the Client Secret Retention Period value on the Authorization Server Setting. Defaults to SERVER_DEFAULT. | [optional] 
**client_secret_retention_period** | **int** | The length of time in minutes that client secrets will be retained as secondary secrets after secret change. The default value is 0, which will disable secondary client secret retention. This value will override the Client Secret Retention Period value on the Authorization Server Settings. | [optional] 
**client_secret_changed_time** | **datetime** | The time at which the client secret was last changed. This property is read only and is ignored on PUT and POST requests. | [optional] 
**token_introspection_signing_algorithm** | **str** | The JSON Web Signature [JWS] algorithm required to sign the Token Introspection Response.&lt;br&gt;HS256 - HMAC using SHA-256&lt;br&gt;HS384 - HMAC using SHA-384&lt;br&gt;HS512 - HMAC using SHA-512&lt;br&gt;RS256 - RSA using SHA-256&lt;br&gt;RS384 - RSA using SHA-384&lt;br&gt;RS512 - RSA using SHA-512&lt;br&gt;ES256 - ECDSA using P256 Curve and SHA-256&lt;br&gt;ES384 - ECDSA using P384 Curve and SHA-384&lt;br&gt;ES512 - ECDSA using P521 Curve and SHA-512&lt;br&gt;PS256 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-256 and MGF1 padding with SHA-256&lt;br&gt;PS384 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-384 and MGF1 padding with SHA-384&lt;br&gt;PS512 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-512 and MGF1 padding with SHA-512&lt;br&gt;A null value will represent the default algorithm which is RS256.&lt;br&gt;RSASSA-PSS is only supported with SafeNet Luna, Thales nCipher or Java 11 | [optional] 
**token_introspection_encryption_algorithm** | **str** | The JSON Web Encryption [JWE] encryption algorithm used to encrypt the content-encryption key of the Token Introspection Response.&lt;br&gt;DIR - Direct Encryption with symmetric key&lt;br&gt;A128KW - AES-128 Key Wrap&lt;br&gt;A192KW - AES-192 Key Wrap&lt;br&gt;A256KW - AES-256 Key Wrap&lt;br&gt;A128GCMKW - AES-GCM-128 key encryption&lt;br&gt;A192GCMKW - AES-GCM-192 key encryption&lt;br&gt;A256GCMKW - AES-GCM-256 key encryption&lt;br&gt;ECDH_ES - ECDH-ES&lt;br&gt;ECDH_ES_A128KW - ECDH-ES with AES-128 Key Wrap&lt;br&gt;ECDH_ES_A192KW - ECDH-ES with AES-192 Key Wrap&lt;br&gt;ECDH_ES_A256KW - ECDH-ES with AES-256 Key Wrap&lt;br&gt;RSA_OAEP - RSAES OAEP&lt;br&gt;RSA_OAEP_256 - RSAES OAEP using SHA-256 and MGF1 with SHA-256 | [optional] 
**token_introspection_content_encryption_algorithm** | **str** | The JSON Web Encryption [JWE] content-encryption algorithm for the Token Introspection Response.&lt;br&gt;AES_128_CBC_HMAC_SHA_256 - Composite AES-CBC-128 HMAC-SHA-256&lt;br&gt;AES_192_CBC_HMAC_SHA_384 - Composite AES-CBC-192 HMAC-SHA-384&lt;br&gt;AES_256_CBC_HMAC_SHA_512 - Composite AES-CBC-256 HMAC-SHA-512&lt;br&gt;AES_128_GCM - AES-GCM-128&lt;br&gt;AES_192_GCM - AES-GCM-192&lt;br&gt;AES_256_GCM - AES-GCM-256 | [optional] 
**jwt_secured_authorization_response_mode_signing_algorithm** | **str** | The JSON Web Signature [JWS] algorithm required to sign the JWT Secured Authorization Response.&lt;br&gt;HS256 - HMAC using SHA-256&lt;br&gt;HS384 - HMAC using SHA-384&lt;br&gt;HS512 - HMAC using SHA-512&lt;br&gt;RS256 - RSA using SHA-256&lt;br&gt;RS384 - RSA using SHA-384&lt;br&gt;RS512 - RSA using SHA-512&lt;br&gt;ES256 - ECDSA using P256 Curve and SHA-256&lt;br&gt;ES384 - ECDSA using P384 Curve and SHA-384&lt;br&gt;ES512 - ECDSA using P521 Curve and SHA-512&lt;br&gt;PS256 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-256 and MGF1 padding with SHA-256&lt;br&gt;PS384 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-384 and MGF1 padding with SHA-384&lt;br&gt;PS512 - RSASSA-PSS using SHA-512 and MGF1 padding with SHA-512&lt;br&gt;A null value will represent the default algorithm which is RS256.&lt;br&gt;RSASSA-PSS is only supported with SafeNet Luna, Thales nCipher or Java 11 | [optional] 
**jwt_secured_authorization_response_mode_encryption_algorithm** | **str** | The JSON Web Encryption [JWE] encryption algorithm used to encrypt the content-encryption key of the JWT Secured Authorization Response.&lt;br&gt;DIR - Direct Encryption with symmetric key&lt;br&gt;A128KW - AES-128 Key Wrap&lt;br&gt;A192KW - AES-192 Key Wrap&lt;br&gt;A256KW - AES-256 Key Wrap&lt;br&gt;A128GCMKW - AES-GCM-128 key encryption&lt;br&gt;A192GCMKW - AES-GCM-192 key encryption&lt;br&gt;A256GCMKW - AES-GCM-256 key encryption&lt;br&gt;ECDH_ES - ECDH-ES&lt;br&gt;ECDH_ES_A128KW - ECDH-ES with AES-128 Key Wrap&lt;br&gt;ECDH_ES_A192KW - ECDH-ES with AES-192 Key Wrap&lt;br&gt;ECDH_ES_A256KW - ECDH-ES with AES-256 Key Wrap&lt;br&gt;RSA_OAEP - RSAES OAEP&lt;br&gt;RSA_OAEP_256 - RSAES OAEP using SHA-256 and MGF1 with SHA-256 | [optional] 
**jwt_secured_authorization_response_mode_content_encryption_algorithm** | **str** | The JSON Web Encryption [JWE] content-encryption algorithm for the JWT Secured Authorization Response.&lt;br&gt;AES_128_CBC_HMAC_SHA_256 - Composite AES-CBC-128 HMAC-SHA-256&lt;br&gt;AES_192_CBC_HMAC_SHA_384 - Composite AES-CBC-192 HMAC-SHA-384&lt;br&gt;AES_256_CBC_HMAC_SHA_512 - Composite AES-CBC-256 HMAC-SHA-512&lt;br&gt;AES_128_GCM - AES-GCM-128&lt;br&gt;AES_192_GCM - AES-GCM-192&lt;br&gt;AES_256_GCM - AES-GCM-256 | [optional] 
**require_dpop** | **bool** | Determines whether Demonstrating Proof-of-Possession (DPoP) is required for this client. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


