# EmailServerSettings

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**source_addr** | **str** | The email address that appears in the &#39;From&#39; header line in email messages generated by PingFederate.  The address must be in valid format but need not be set up on your system. | 
**email_server** | **str** | The IP address or hostname of your email server. | 
**port** | **int** | The SMTP port on your email server. Allowable values: 1 - 65535. The default value is 25. | 
**ssl_port** | **int** | The secure SMTP port on your email server. This field is not active unless Use SSL is enabled. Allowable values: 1 - 65535. The default value is  465. | [optional] 
**timeout** | **int** | The amount of time in seconds that PingFederate will wait before it times out connecting to the SMTP server. Allowable values: 0 - 3600. The default value is 30. | [optional] 
**retry_attempts** | **int** | The number of times PingFederate tries to resend an email upon unsuccessful delivery. The default value is 2. | [optional] 
**retry_delay** | **int** | The number of minutes PingFederate waits before the next retry attempt. The default value is 2. | [optional] 
**use_ssl** | **bool** | Requires the use of SSL/TLS on the port specified by &#39;sslPort&#39;. If this option is enabled, it overrides the &#39;useTLS&#39; option. | [optional] 
**use_tls** | **bool** | Requires the use of the STARTTLS protocol on the port specified by &#39;port&#39;. | [optional] 
**verify_hostname** | **bool** | If useSSL or useTLS is enabled, this flag determines whether the email server hostname is verified against the server&#39;s SMTPS certificate. | [optional] 
**enable_utf8_message_headers** | **bool** | Only set this flag to true if the email server supports UTF-8 characters in message headers. Otherwise, this is defaulted to false. | [optional] 
**use_debugging** | **bool** | Turns on detailed error messages for the PingFederate server log to help troubleshoot any problems. | [optional] 
**username** | **str** | Authorized email username. Required if the password is provided. | [optional] 
**password** | **str** | User password.  To update the password, specify the plaintext value in this field.  This field will not be populated for GET requests. | [optional] 
**encrypted_password** | **str** | For GET requests, this field contains the encrypted password, if one exists.  For POST and PUT requests, if you wish to reuse the existing password, this field should be passed back unchanged. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


